---------------------------------------------
JBoss Rules Essentials Lab Excercise 1
	- Introduction -
---------------------------------------------

Instructions:
	This excercise ensures that the plug in and environment/path are all setup, 
	and the student can fire off some simple code to fire some rules in the rule IDE/Workbench.	
	
	Step 1: Install Eclipse 3.2 if it is already on the machine. (and check that it starts up ! let the workspace be in the default location).
	Step 2: Install the JBoss Rules plug in
		This can be done 2 ways (at your discretion)
		1. From the update site (if connected to the web or update site or a local update site exists)
		   ONLY use this if you are familiar with Eclipse and how update sites work.
		2. Open the plug in zip file (jbossrules-ide-3.XXX-bin.zip) where XXX is the appropriate version.
		   You will find file in /plugins directory inside the zip called org.drools.ide_XXX.jar (where XXX is appropriate version).
		   Stick that jar file in the /plugins directory where your eclipse is installed. Restart Eclipse.
		  (if you were to open that jar file, you will see all the deps and jars inside it).
        Step 3: Fire up eclipse, you should notice the new rules icon.
	Step 4: From the rule icons menu, choose "New Rules Project", and then enter the name "LabProject" as the project name, press "Finish"
	Step 6: Examine the structure of the rule project, both src/rules and src/java should be setup on the classpath already.
	Step 7: Open the Sample.drl file in the src/rules folder, not the Drools icon, and the syntax highlighting etc.
	Step 8: Also note that the package of the drl does not have to be the same as the folder structure the rules are stored in.
	Step 9: Open the DroolsTest class file that is generated. Note that it has an inner static class that is used as a fact in the rule.
	Step 10: Run the DroolsTest class as a java application: Run menu|Run As|Java Application
	Step 11: You should see results in the console output tab down the bottom. ("Hello Cruel world..." etc).
	Step 13: (optional) - can convert to a unit test with JUnit if you want (JUnit is already on the classpath).
	Step 14: Try out the rule creation wizard, press ctrl+N, then choose JBoss Rules, then choose New Rule Resource. Create a new empty rule to your liking.
	Step 15: party. Note that for rules to be built automatically, need to be in .drl files. You can also use .rule files, but they will
	         not be built in the background automatically (sometimes you want that). Any other format, and it will just be a text editor.